Add links to Prague Python Pizza blogpost (#85)
pyvec/blog.python.cz: content/2024-03-04_prague-python-pizza.md

![everyone]({static}/images/ppp/everyone.jpeg)
![afterparty]({static}/images/ppp/afterparty.jpeg)

## Stream URL 

> If you'd like to watch the event online, check out [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdFXjYURlws) link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to watch the event online, check out [the stream recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdFXjYURlws).
```
